1. What is AWS Backup?
AWS Backup is a fully managed service that enables you to centralize and automate data protection across on-premises and AWS services.

2. How does AWS Backup work?
AWS Backup allows you to define a central data protection policy (called a backup plan) that works across AWS services for compute, storage, and databases.
The backup plan defines parameters such as backup frequency and backup retention period. 
You can use AWS Backup’s central console to view your AWS resources that are being protected, restore from a backup, and monitor backup and restore activity.

3. Why should I use AWS Backup?
Building and managing your own backup workflows across all your applications in a compliant and consistent manner can be complex and costly 

4. What are the key features of AWS Backup?
centralized console
automated backup scheduling
backup retention management
backup monitoring and alerting

5. What can I back up using AWS Backup?
You can use AWS Backup to create and manage the backups of the following AWS services:

•	Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes
•	Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances (including Windows applications)
•	Windows Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) supported applications (including Windows Server, Microsoft SQL Server, and Microsoft Exchange Server) on Amazon EC2.
•	Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) databases (including Amazon Aurora clusters)
•	Amazon DynamoDB tables, Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file systems
•	Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file systems
•	Amazon FSx for OpenZFS file systems
•	Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file systems
•	Amazon FSx for Lustre file systems
•	Amazon Neptune databases
•	Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) databases
•	AWS Storage Gateway volumes
•	Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3).
•	You can also use AWS Backup to create and manage backups of Amazon Outposts, VMware CloudTM on AWS, and on-premises VMware virtual machines.

6. Can I use AWS Backup to back up on-premises data?
Yes, you can use AWS Backup to back up your on-premises Storage Gateway volumes and VMware virtual machines, providing a common way to manage the backups of your application data both on premises and on AWS.

7. Can I use AWS Backup to access backups created by services with existing backup capabilities?
Yes. Backups created using services with existing backup capabilities, such as EBS Snapshots, can be accessed using AWS Backup. Similarly, backups created by AWS Backup can be accessed using the source service.

8. How does AWS Backup work with other AWS services that have backup capabilities?
AWS Backup provides a common way to manage backups across AWS services both on AWS and on premises

9. How does AWS Backup relate to Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager and when should I use one over the other?
Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager (DLM) policies and backup plans created in AWS Backup work independently from each other and provide two ways to manage EBS Snapshots. 
DLM provides a simple way to manage the lifecycle of EBS resources, such as volume snapshots. 
You should use DLM when you want to automate the creation, retention, and deletion of EBS Snapshots. 

10. What is a recovery point?
A recovery point represents the content of a resource at a specified time. Recovery points also include metadata such as information about the resource, restore parameters, and tags.

11. What is a backup vault?
A backup vault (or backup storage vault) is an encrypted storage location in your AWS account that stores and organizes your backups (recovery points). 
You can create new backup vaults in every AWS Region where AWS Backup is available, 
You can enable delete-protection on the backup vaults using AWS Backup Vault Lock to prevent malicious actors from re-encrypting your data. 
You should use AWS Backup to manage and monitor backups across the AWS services you use, including EBS volumes, from a single place.

12. How does the AWS Backup lifecycle feature work?
The AWS Backup lifecycle feature allows you to automatically transition your recovery points from a warm storage tier to a lower-cost cold storage tier. 
Please note that cold storage tier is available only for backups of Amazon EFS, Amazon DynamoDB, and VMware virtual machines.

13. How does encryption work in AWS Backup?
 Encryption is configured at the backup vault level. Backups from other services (EC2, EBS, FSx, RDS, Aurora, DocumentDB, Neptune, Storage Gateway) 
are encrypted using the source service’s backup encryption methodology. For example, EBS snapshots are encrypted using the encryption key of the volume the snapshot was created from.

14. How do I use access policies in a backup vault to control access to backups?
AWS Backup allows you to set resource-based policies on backup vaults, enabling you to control access to the backup vault and the backups in it.

15. What services provide support for AWS Backup advanced features?
Services that have backup functionality built on AWS Backup support additional backup features,
such as lifecycle tiering of backups to a low-cost storage tier, backup storage and encryption that is independent from its source data, and backup access policies

16. What is AWS Backup Audit Manager?
AWS Backup Audit Manager allows you to audit and report on the compliance of your data protection policies to help you meet your business and regulatory needs

17. Why should I use AWS Backup Audit Manager?
You should use AWS Backup Audit Manager if you want to verify that the workloads that you create in (or migrate to) AWS meet your data protection requirements
 AWS Backup Audit Manager saves the time and effort required to implement, track, 
and demonstrate adherence to your backup governance and compliance policies, enabling you to focus more on your core competencies.

18. How can I use AWS Backup Audit Manager?
You can use AWS Backup Audit Manager via the AWS Management Console, CLI, API, or SDK.
 AWS Backup Audit Manager provides built-in compliance controls and allows you to customize these controls to define your data protection policies

19. What is a Backup Audit Manager control and framework?
An AWS Backup Audit Manager control is a procedure designed to audit the compliance of a backup requirement, such as backup frequency or backup retention period. 
A Backup Audit Manager framework is a collection of controls that can be easily deployed and managed as a single entity.

20. What kind of reports can I create in Backup Audit Manager?
You can create reports related to your AWS Backup activity.
These reports help you get details of your backup, copy, and restore jobs
You can use these reports to monitor your operational posture and identify any failures that may need further action.

21. Which compliance programs does AWS Backup support?
It complies with PCI DSS, ISO 9001, 27001, 27017, and 27018, in addition to being HIPAA eligible. 

22. What is AWS Backup Vault Lock?
AWS Backup Vault Lock implements safeguards that ensure you are storing your backups using a Write-Once-Read-Many (WORM) model.

23. Why should I use AWS Backup Vault Lock?
You should use AWS Backup Vault Lock to ensure that no user, including administrators or perpetrators of malicious actions, 
can delete your backups or change their lifecycle settings such as retention periods and transition to cold storage.

24. Can I use an existing backup plan in AWS Backup to start backing up Amazon S3?
Yes

25. What backup options are available in AWS Backup for Amazon S3?
You have two backup options available for S3 resources in AWS Backup: continuous and periodic
Continuous backups allow you to restore S3 resources to any point in time within the last 35 days
Periodic backups, on the other hand, allow you to retain data for an infinite period of time.

26. Does AWS Backup support compression for VMware backups?
Yes
