lambda interview questions

1. What is AWS Lambda?
It is an AWS serverless computing service offered by Amazon Web Services that runs the code in response to events and automatically manages the compute resource.

2. What are the languages supported by AWS Lambda?
The languages supported by AWS Lambda are as follows:

Java
Python
js
C#
Ruby
Go
PowerShell

3. What is automated deployment?
While automated deployment is similar to programming in other languages, it cuts down a lot of associated challenges. 
It also cuts down all human interferences; this, in turn, helps organizations ensure quality-based outcomes that are best in every parameter. 
As one becomes more proficient in it, deployment of the pipeline can easily be created.

4. What is Auto Scaling in Lambda?
It is one of the features of AWS that helps one to automatically configure and spin novel instances. 
One of the best things about AWS Auto Scaling is that it does not require any interference at any stage. 
However, users can monitor everything through metrics and thresholds. To enable this task, one needs to cross a threshold,
 and without interference, one can see the instances scaled horizontally.

5. While performing DDOS, what is the limit for execution in Lambda?
The limit is five minutes while performing DDOS.

6. What do you think makes Lambda a timesaving approach?
There can be a number of reasons behind this. One of which is that Lambda stores everything in a local server memory.  
Another reason can be that data is stored directly in the database without it affecting the performance. 
In addition to these features, Lambda also has simple testing techniques; for example, integration testing can be made powerful through multiple vendors.

7. What are the best practices for security in Lambda?
Using AWS IAM (Identity Access and Management) is one of the widely used security practices in Lambda. 
Granting specific user access to particular roles is another effective option to enhance security. In this security practice, access can be restricted to hosts that are not trusted or authorized. 
In addition to this, no matter how effective and stringent the security protocols are, they should always be updated timely.

8. What are the best practices for security in Lambda?
Using AWS IAM (Identity Access and Management) is one of the widely used security practices in Lambda. 
Granting specific user access to particular roles is another effective option to enhance security. 
In this security practice, access can be restricted to hosts that are not trusted or authorized. 
In addition to this, no matter how effective and stringent the security protocols are, they should always be updated timely.

9. Can Lambda run without trigger?
Pay for the services you use. You don't have to manage the infrastructure. You can scale the service automatically up and down

10. What languages does AWS Lambda support? 
AWS Lambda natively supports Java, Go, PowerShell, Node. js, C#, Python, and Ruby code, and provides a Runtime API which allows you to use any additional programming languages to author your functions.

11.How many Lambda functions can you have?
The default concurrency limit per AWS Region is 1,000 invocations at any given time.

12. How many triggers can Lambda have?
one trigger
At the time that you create a Lambda function, you can specify only one trigger.

13. What IP does Lambda use?
Unfortunately Lambda does not have a fixed set of IP addresses which it uses

14.Why lambda is called lambda?
The term “Lambda” comes from mathematics, where it's called lambda calculus. 
In programming, a Lambda expression (or function) is just an anonymous function,  

15. What is the default Lambda timeout?
AWS Lambda function has maximum execution duration per request is 900 seconds (15 minutes), the default value is 30 seconds

16. What is Lambda timeout?
When the specified timeout is reached, Amazon Lambda terminates execution of your Lambda function. 
As a best practice, you should set the timeout value based on your expected execution time to prevent your function from running longer than intended.

17. What is the maximum size of Lambda package?
128 MB to 10,240 MB, in 1-MB increments.

18. What are limitations of AWS Lambda?
AWS Lambda has the following limitations
The disk space (ephemeral) is limited to 512 MB. 
The default deployment package size is 50 MB. 
The memory range is from 128 to 3008 MB. 
The maximum execution timeout for a function is 15 minutes*

19. Can Lambda be scheduled?
You can also create a Lambda function and direct AWS Lambda to invoke it on a regular schedule

20. Can Lambda have static IP?
You can't assign a public/static IP to any Lambda function. 

21. What is the best language for AWS Lambda?
It is well known that Node and Python are the leading languages for Lambda,

22. How many requests can single Lambda handle?
AWS Lambda does support handling requests in parallel, but any single instance / container of a Lambda will only process one request at a time

23. What are AWS Lambda layers?
A Lambda layer is an archive containing additional code, such as libraries, dependencies, or even custom runtimes.

24. How do you trigger Lambda function every 24 hours?
To trigger a Lambda function once every 20 or 24 hours, we can schedule a trigger in CloudWatch Events

25. Among On-demand and Reserved Instances, which one is better to impose a limit on expenditure when it comes to optimizing the speed on Lambda?
Reserved Instances are a better option.

26. Is Lambda Expression a nameless suspension of Code?
Yes, it is actually a nameless suspension of code.

27. 

