Route 53 - Inteview QandA

1. What is Route 53?
Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service. 
Route 53 connects user requests to internet applications running on AWS or on-premises.

2. Why do we need route53?
Easy to use  - Simple routing policy
Highly available and scalable dns service
Giolocation routing

3. What are three services available on Route 53?
Ans:
Amazon's Route 53 provides three services:

record creation that stores the human-readable names you want associated with your web domains
request handling to send web traffic to the appropriate servers
health checks to make sure traffic isn't being sent to servers which can't handle it.

4. What is AWS Route 53 traffic flow?
Percentages of traffic are directed to specific endpoints using weighted rules.
When the primary server is unavailable, Failover enables a developer to set a fallback endpoint.
A developer can use geolocation to divert traffic based on its geolocation origin.
Traffic is routed to the locations with the lowest latency according to latency criteria.
All rules can be directed to health checks, which determine if a server is suitable for traffic hosting.

5. What are the benefits of Route 53?
Ans:
Amazon Route 53 is a service that connects a user's request to AWS infrastructure.
It also has the advantage of helping in the setup of DNS health checks to route traffic to a healthy end-point.
Furthermore, the health of the applications and their endpoints can be monitored independently.

6. Why it is called Route 53?
Ans:
The name AWS Route 53 is derived from Port 53, which handles DNS for both TCP and UDP traffic requests; the phrase Route could relate to routing or a common highway naming convention.

7. Does Amazon Route 53 support NS records?
Ans:
Yes, Amazon Route 53 supports Name Service (NS) records.

8. How can we add a load balancer to Route 53?
Launch the Route 53 console in the AWS Management Console by navigating to https://console.aws.amazon.com/route53/.
Select Hosted zones from the navigation pane.
Select the hosted zone with the domain name you wish to use to redirect traffic to your load balancer.
Create Record by entering the following values: Routing policy, Record name, Alias, Value/Route traffic to, Record type (Select A - IPv4 address), Evaluate target health
Within 60 seconds, changes are normally propagated to all Route 53 servers. When propagation is complete, we can use the name of the alias record you created in this step to send traffic to your load balancer.

9. What is AWS Cname?
Ans:
An alternate domain name, also known as a CNAME, in CloudFront allows you to use your own domain name (for example, www.example.com) in the URLs of your files rather than the domain name that CloudFront provides to your distribution.

10. How we can add Cname to Route 53?
Ans:
A CNAME record cannot be created for the Parent,or Apex domains. An alias record can be used with Route 53 to point the parent domain to other supported alias targets.

11. What are the different Route53 routing policies ?
Ans. Simple
Weighted
Latency
Failover
GeoLocation
Multivalue

12. How does Route53 support naked domain names ?
Through Aliasis

13. What are the advantages of using Aliasis over Cname in Route53 ?
1. Supports naked domain names
2. Any change in ELB IP is automatically updated in Route53

14. What is the default limit of domain supported by Route 53 ?
        50

15. Which Route53 routing policy is best, keeping in mind the response time ?
Latency

16. Does Route53 supports MX records ?
Yes



